Hello all, 

This is a reminder that you signed-up for the Data Visualization in R workshop 
today from <INSERT TIME HERE>. The workshop will be held in the <INSERT LOCATION 
HERE, WITH DIRECTIONS>. Registration for the workshop is full and there are 
quite a few individuals on the waitlist, so please respond if registered but 
will not be attending! We do ask that, if you are on the waitlist, you please 
wait outside the classroom, until we know that all of the registrants have 
arrived. 

For those of you on the waitlist, we will be broadcasting the workshop via 
WebEx. You are welcome to log-in to WebEx and watch the video from the basement 
of the library. That way, if you have questions, you can type a message and a 
workshop helper can scamper out to talk with you.

The workshop will cover how to use the dplyr and tidyr packages for data 
wrangling tasks. In dplyr we will cover topics of selecting columns, filtering 
rows, creating and/or modifying columns, and how to create a linear process out 
of the data wrangling steps. Then, we will go over how we can use dplyr to join
different datasets together. Using tidyr we will reshape a data frame from 
long to wide format and back. 

The materials for the workshop are available through the RStudio Cloud at the 
Data Wrangling workspace (http://bit.ly/data-wrangle). If you have not accessed 
the RStudio Cloud before, you will need to create a log-in or use your GitHub 
or Google log-in. Then you will need to direct to the workspace (using the 
above link) and click on the blue "Join Workspace" button. Once you are inside,
the workshop materials are available through the Projects tab. 

To keep these workshops funded for the foreseeable future, we request that you 
take a few minutes to fill out this pre-workshop survey. For question 3, the 
Data Wrangling workshop you are attending is a component of the Data 
Carpentry Ecology workshop. 

<INSERT LINK TO CARPENTRIES SURVEYS HERE>


Looking forward to seeing everyone for this final workshop! 


YOUR SIGNATURE HERE!