Hi all, 

This is a reminder that you signed-up for the Data Visualization in R workshop 
today from <INSERT TIME HERE>. The workshop will be held in the <INSERT LOCATION 
HERE, WITH DIRECTIONS>. Registration for the workshop is full and there are 
quite a few individuals on the waitlist, so please respond if registered but 
will not be attending! We do ask that, if you are on the waitlist, you please 
wait outside the classroom, until we know that all of the registrants have 
arrived. 

For those of you on the waitlist, we will be broadcasting the workshop via 
WebEx. You are welcome to log-in to WebEx and watch the video from the basement 
of the library. That way, if you have questions, you can type a message and a 
workshop helper can scamper out to talk with you.

The workshop will cover how to use the ggplot package to easily create a variety 
of different data visualizations. We will cover how to create visualizations for
one and two variables, and how to incorporate further variables using additional
plotting aesthetics. Finally, we will discuss how to make customizations for 
your plots, arrange multiple plots on a page, and export plots for future 
publications. 

The materials for the workshop are available through the RStudio Cloud at the 
Data Visualization workspace (http://bit.ly/data-vizz). If you have not accessed
the RStudio Cloud before, you will need to create a log-in or use your GitHub or 
Google log-in. Then you will need to direct to the workspace (using the above 
link) and click on the blue "Join Workspace" button. Once you are inside, the 
workshop materials are available through the Projects tab. 

To keep these workshops funded for the foreseeable future, we request that you 
take a few minutes to fill out this pre-workshop survey. For question 3, the 
Data Visualization workshop you are attending is a component of the Data 
Carpentry Ecology workshop. 

<INSERT LINK TO CARPENTRIES SURVEYS HERE>


Looking forward to seeing everyone at the workshop! 


YOUR SIGNATURE HERE!