Hi all, 

This is a reminder that you are on the waitlist for the Data Visualization in R
workshop <INSERT DATE AND TIME HERE>. The workshop will be held in <LOCATION OF 
WORKSHOP AND DIRECTIONS HERE>. As you may have guessed, registration for the 
workshop is full, and there are a large number of people on the waitlist. We 
have requested that anyone who registered that cannot attend cancel their 
registration, which will automatically bump people on the waitlist into the 
registration. If you do not receive an email notifying you that you are no 
longer on the waitlist, we request that you please wait outside the classroom, 
until we know that all of the registrants have arrived. 

We will be broadcasting the workshop via WebEx. Thus, if there are no seats 
available once everyone has arrived, you are welcome to log-in to WebEx and 
watch the video from the basement of the library. That way, if you have 
questions, you can type a message and a workshop helper can scamper out to talk 
with you.

The workshop will cover how to use the ggplot2 package to easily create a 
variety of different data visualizations. We will cover how to create 
visualizations for one and two variables, and how to incorporate further 
variables using additional plotting aesthetics. Finally, we will discuss how to 
make customizations for your plots, arrange multiple plots on a page, and export
plots for future publications. 

The materials for the workshop are available through the RStudio Cloud at the 
Data Visualization workspace <INSERT LINK TO MATERIALS HERE>. If you have not 
accessed the RStudio Cloud before, you will need to create a log-in or use your
GitHub or Google log-in. Then you will need to direct to the workspace (using 
the above link) and click on the blue "Join Workspace" button. Once you are 
inside, the workshop materials are available through the Projects tab. 

If this is your first time attending a workshop this semester, we request that 
you take a few minutes to fill out this pre-workshop survey. For question 3, the
Data Visualization workshop you are attending is a component of the Data 
Carpentry Ecology workshop series. 

<INSERT LINK TO CARPENTRIES SURVEY HERE>

Looking forward to seeing everyone at the workshop! 

<YOUR SIGNATURE HERE>