Hello everyone,  
 
This is a reminder that you signed-up for the Introduction to R workshop 
tomorrow from <INSERT TIME HERE>. The workshop will be held in the 
<INSERT LOCATION HERE, WITH DIRECTIONS>. Registration for the workshop is full 
and there are quite a few individuals on the waitlist, so please respond if 
registered but will not be attending! We do ask that, if you are on the 
waitlist, you please wait outside the classroom, until we know that all of the
registrants have arrived. 

For those of you on the waitlist, we will be broadcasting the workshop via 
WebEx. You are welcome to log-in to WebEx and watch the video from the basement 
of the library. That way, if you have questions, you can type a message and a 
workshop helper can scamper out to talk with you.

The workshop will cover the basics of working with different classes of objects,
loading data into R, inspecting, extracting, manipulating, summarizing, and 
visualizing data.  The workshop materials can be accessed here: 
http://bit.ly/introduction-R, but you will need to create a login or use your 
Google sign-in. Note: RStudio Cloud interacts best with Google Chrome (other 
browsers have trouble updating the content).  Once you've logged in:

1. navigate to the Intro to R workspace, by clicking on the link above
2. you will be taken to a page asking if you would like to join the space
3. click the blue "Join Space" button to join the workspace
4. click on the "Projects" tab 
5. click on the Introduction to R project 

Now, you're all set for the workshop! 

To keep these workshops funded for the foreseeable future, we request that you 
take a few minutes to fill out this pre-workshop survey. For question 3, the 
Data Visualization workshop you are attending is a component of the Data 
Carpentry Ecology workshop. 

<INSERT LINK TO CARPENTRIES SURVEYS HERE>

Please let me know if you have any issues downloading these materials. Looking 
forward to seeing everyone tomorrow!

YOUR SIGNATURE HERE!